Update two manifest member (BCD data removed) (#35926)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/manifest/categories/index.md

## Browser compatibility

> The feature is not implemented by any browser yet.

Author: ```suggestion
This manifest member is used by app stores and catalogs when publishing and listing web apps, so browser compatibility is not applicable. Browsers may parse this information, but it's optional and doesn't affect the core functionality of a web app.
```

> The feature is not supported by any of the browser implement yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature is not implemented by any browser yet.
```
